Problem statement:
Any online ordering system will basically have these major components:
    1. Ability to show restaurants and dishes to the end user
    2. An app to interact with users
    3. Ability to search any dish and see its availability
    4. Ability to add items in cart
    5. Ability to make payment via different modes of payment
    6. Ability to place an order
    7. Ability to track back the status of the current order
    8. User profile
    9. User order history
    10. Raise customer support queries
    11. Ability to cancel an ongoing order
    12. Ability to assign a rider who can complete the order
    13. An to interact with delivery partners
    14. Ability to compute earnings for the delivery partners
    15. Ability to navigate the delivery partner to pick up order and then deliver the parcel to end users address
    AND many more abilities can be a part of such a system.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    what should be automated most (UI or backend) and why ?
                Since this application is being built over microservice architecture, I guess api would be the best candidate for automation
                , since major business logic would be verified at backend only. The only thing which we might be interested from UI
                perspective would be the UX part of the whole application.
                    Moreover UI automation is prone to flakiness and api is kind of fast and robust when it comes to managing
                    a huge code base of automation repository.


    Write a bug of high priority and low severity with respect to Zomato as an application
                    - logo missing or broken is one such issue of high priority and low severity. Although the users wont be
                    affected much as they can still go ahead and place an order successfully but from brand image perspective this seems to be
                    a high priority thing.

    Write a bug of high severity and low priority with respect to Zomato as an application
                    - user is unable to launch help for old orders. Now if we think from business perspective its not
                    a major one but when it comes to product this seems to be a high severity issue as one of the application
                    flow is completely broken.
