Problem Statement:
Design 05 test cases (positive,negative,edge) in proper format for the following user flow of a restaurant search and online
food ordering website:


{Launch www.zomato.com
Search for a restaurant
choose a location
Lookout for search results
click on first listed restaurant
click on add review button}

-----------*------------*--------------------
Positive test cases:
S.Nos: TC_01
    Description: Verify that user has launched browser successfully
        Pre condition: Users has chrome as it browser
            Test steps: 1. Launch Chrome browser
                 Actual result: Browser launched successfully
                       Expected result: Chrome browser should launch successfully
                             Status: PASS

S.Nos: TC_02
    Description: Verify that user has launched "www.zomato.com"
        Pre condition: Users has chrome as it browser and has working internet connection
             Test steps: 1. Launch chrome  2. Launch www.zomato.com in the browser
                 Actual result: User has successfully landed on zomato landing page
                     Expected result: User should successfully land on zomato landing page
                        Status: PASS

S.Nos: TC_03
    Description: Verify the zomato logo om its landing page
        Pre condition: Users has chrome as it browser and has working internet connection
            Test steps: 1. Launch chrome  2. Launch www.zomato.com in the browser
                Actual result: zomato logo is not present on the landing page
                     Expected result: Clear logo should be present on the landing page
                            Status: FAIL
    -----------*------------*--------------------
Negative test cases:
S.Nos: TC_01
    Description: Verify that user doesn't gets logged in with incorrect credentials
        Pre condition: Users has chrome as it browser and has successfully completed sign in process beforehand
            Test steps: 1. Launch Chrome browser 2. Navigate to zomato.com    3. Go to Log in page/button
                 Actual result: User is not able to login and gets a message stating that "please enter correct credentials"
                       Expected result: User should be denied login along with an informative message saying ""please enter correct credentials""
                             Status: PASS


-----------*------------*--------------------
Edge test cases:
S.Nos: TC_01
    Description: Verify that application behaviour in case we enter "null" or blank space as input to search restaurant input box
        Pre condition: Users has chrome as it browser and has successfully completed sign in process beforehand
            Test steps: 1. Launch Chrome browser 2. Navigate to zomato.com    3. Search the above text/null in the i/p box
                 Actual result: User gets a message stating that no restaurant found for this keyword string
                       Expected result: User should get a message stating that no restaurant found for this keyword string
                             Status: PASS

